You you you
Why are you here?
I can't imagine a dignified Chairperson Li
To actually do such a poisoning thing
Lin Yi, how did you know I was here?
That's not possible.
What about President Li 10 years ago?
You use this method
Deal with your competitors
How could I not watch out?
Go away
What are you two still doing?
Don't chase it yet
Oh, it's your shopkeeper.
We will do our best to bring Li Rongfa to justice
Thank you
I will definitely write down this kindness
Shopkeeper Lin, don't be too polite.
Oh.
Shopkeeper Lin, congratulations, congratulations
From now on, you will be the richest businessperson in Jiangnan Road
Oh, this rich merchant can't be talked about
But I still can't eat Li Rongfa's industry
Sooner or later?
Boss Fan, your kindness to my Lin?
I will definitely pay it back in the future
OK, OK. OK.
Shopkeeper Lin
But bro, what are you doing here?
Shopkeeper Lin, Li Rongfa was arrested and imprisoned
Jiangnan Dao Guild is now
Everyone wants you to be this president.
Shopkeeper Lin, this is a great opportunity
As long as you become the president of the Jiangnan guild
After this, the business will be easy to rush out
Well, since you all support me so much
I will never let you down
We're leaving now
President, I will send you
Congratulations to President Lin
Thank you, thank you for your love.
What about starting today?
I am Lin Yi
I will definitely bring everyone to share the glory and wealth
Lao Ge Laogan
President Qian ordered the two of you?
Continue to be the vice president of Jiangnan Dao
Help me with some things
It's the president
What are you going to do next?
What about Li Rongfa's rules?
I want it all abolished
What about starting today?
I'm going to make a new rule
Whose rules are you going to make?